readme.md, before:


## Check the datasource connection properties recognition in the Spring Debugger

actually the cases when the local connection properties from src or test `application.properties`
or testcontainer configured via `@Container`+`@DynamicProperties` are treated correctly;
but the testcontainers configured by `@ServiceConnection` beans are not treated properly

https://youtrack.jetbrains.com/issue/IDEA-365780/Spring-Debugger-datasource-connection-properties-are-not-detected-properly-for-testcontainers-in-some-cases

1. the main application class `com.example.springboottestcontainerspostgres.SpringbootTestcontainersPostgresApplication`:
    should use the datasource properties from src `application.properties` - OK
2. the test class that uses the main configuration context `com.example.springboottestcontainerspostgres.TestWithConfigurationFromTestApplicationProperties`
    should use the datasource properties from test `application.properties` - OK
3. the test class that makes use of testcontainers via `@Container` plus `@DynamicProperties` (`com.example.springboottestcontainerspostgres.TestWithDynamicProperties`)
    should use the connection properties configured by container configuration - OK
4. default `@ServiceConnection` bean in the imported configuration (`com.example.springboottestcontainerspostgres.TestApplicationWithDefaultImportedTestcontainerConfiguration`)
    should use the default testcontainer configuration, but uses the connection properties from test `application.properties`
5. customized `@ServiceConnection` bean in the same test class (`com.example.springboottestcontainerspostgres.TestWithCustomizedServiceConnectionBeanContainer`)
    should use the custom testcontainer configuration, but uses the connection properties from test `application.properties`

Commit message:

one more case - the @ServiceConnection bean in the inner test config class; the test doesn't run the application but injects the repository instead and calls its methods

readme.md, after:


## Check the datasource connection properties recognition in the Spring Debugger

actually the cases when the local connection properties from src or test `application.properties`
or testcontainer configured via `@Container`+`@DynamicProperties` are treated correctly;
but the testcontainers configured by `@ServiceConnection` beans are not treated properly

https://youtrack.jetbrains.com/issue/IDEA-365780/Spring-Debugger-datasource-connection-properties-are-not-detected-properly-for-testcontainers-in-some-cases

1. the main application class `com.example.springboottestcontainerspostgres.SpringbootTestcontainersPostgresApplication`:
   Please run the controller method to test connection. 
   should use the datasource properties from src `application.properties` - OK
2. the test class that uses the main configuration context `com.example.springboottestcontainerspostgres.TestWithConfigurationFromTestApplicationProperties`.
   The test injects the repository class directly, it is enough to run test class.
    It should use the datasource properties from test `application.properties` - OK
3. the test class that makes use of testcontainers via `@Container` plus `@DynamicProperties` (`com.example.springboottestcontainerspostgres.TestWithDynamicProperties`)
   The test injects the repository class directly, it is enough to run test class.
   It should use the connection properties configured by container configuration - OK
4. default `@ServiceConnection` bean in the imported configuration (`com.example.springboottestcontainerspostgres.TestApplicationWithDefaultImportedTestcontainerConfiguration`)
    The test runs the application, please run the controller method to test connection.
    It should use the default testcontainer configuration, but uses the connection properties from test `application.properties`
5. customized `@ServiceConnection` bean in the same test class (`com.example.springboottestcontainerspostgres.TestWithCustomizedServiceConnectionBeanContainer`)
   The test runs the application, please run the controller method to test connection.
   It should use the custom testcontainer configuration, but uses the connection properties from test `application.properties`
6. customized `@ServiceConnection` bean in the inner configuration class (`com.example.springboottestcontainerspostgres.TestWithServiceConnectionBean`) that
   It should use the custom testcontainer configuration, but uses the connection properties from test `application.properties`
